1. BINARY & BOOLEAN LOGIC
and/or/not
101010100101011010

Ruthless Gravity - Craig Armstrong
4:06


Evolution of numbers represented by colour (0..255) into binary...


CHANGES
When music quietens down... back to points



In computing, colour is typically represented by numbers between 0 and 255 which translates into 8 binary digits (1's and 0's). This visualisation represents each joint of a dancer by a dot coloured according to its position and as time progresses, the positions are converted into binary digits. 






2. TESTING & DEBUGGING
Identifying a problem/Syntax errors

Crashes
Infinite loops

Music is based around Dance of the Reed Flutes. Simple piano version echoing the mistakes in
the music e.g. an infinite loop when the dancer is stuck in an infinite loop. On top of this we have 
computer error noises. Needs to be manually queued from Ash's nod.




Evolution of a visualisation, fixing problems along the way


CHANGES
blanks between phases




The visualisation conveys the process of e



3. DATA STRUCTURES & ALGORITHMS
Linked lists, trees, queues, stacks, search, sort etc.

Voronoi?

Nightbook - Ludovico Einaudi
5:51



CHANGES
Start with tree - evolve to dancer
Radial tree
More movement earlier on


4. BIG DATA
This busy life
3:54


Visualisation to convey just how much data is being output by the kinect



5. COMPUTATIONAL THINKING
Abstraction/deconstruction/pattern recognition

- deconstruction - start with complex vis, break into simpler pieces
- small multiples?

From Wikipedia:
Analyzing and logically organizing data
Data modeling, data abstractions, and simulations
Formulating problems such that computers may assist
Identifying, testing, and implementing possible solutions
Automating solutions via algorithmic thinking
Generalizing and applying this process to other problems

Colouring of the joints... how do we colour the end joints etc.?

Problem to be solved: what is the shape of the dance? Where are the joints most often placed over the course of time? How can we visualise this?





MMU-14 Section 2 by John Hodian
3:59



